Hello everyone, let's go for the tour
European press this Thursday 28 August
2014 we begin our journey by the
France the team publishes an interview of
mathieu valbuena the attacking midfielder
confided that he is delighted to play
dynamo moscow which is a very Russian club
ambitious otherwise the international
tricolor added that he wants to win
the euro 2016 which will take place in
the hexagon the progress is interested in the
dams return from the league europa between
the astra giurgiu and the ol beat 2 goals to 1
in gerland the gones must leave the
great game in romania for its part
Saint-Etienne will challenge karabükspor the
greens bowed 1 to 0 in turkey
and they are also at the foot of the wall cap
to Italy the corriere dello sporte
tip the naples team
the partners have lost 3 goals to
1 against the athletic bilbao dam
return
they will not play the phase of
hens of the champions league
the gazzetta dello sport meanwhile
we have that fernando torres would
okay to sign in milan ac
the rossoneri would then only
find an arrangement on the map
financial with chelsea without slowing down one
goes to Spain according to marca and
as xabi alonso should endorse the
bayern jersey munich the middle of
real could sign a contract at
Bavarian until June 2016
transfer amount about 10 million
euros
according to el mundo deportivo
barça leaders would like to armor the
contract of mounir el haddadi this
attacker is the revelation of the beginning of
season within the Catalan team have
crossed the sleeve and we arrive in
england the daily express emphasizes
on the fact that manchester united
would like to have the duo dahleb lindt
arturo vidal the manager louis andral
would have asked his superiors to do
the necessary for these two files
Dutch who would also be William
carballo which belongs to sporting
Portugal
dixit the daily mail tottenham would like
get the loan from danny welbeck
the attacker has a good exit to
manchester united here we close the
parenthesis for today see you soon
for a new European tour of the
press in the meantime we give ourselves
you on the website of top mercato
also on our mobile apps and
tablets
not to mention our facebook pages and
twitter ciao